---
title: "Locations in the Digital World"
---
# The Starting Town
The very first place humans are likely to see is the Station, usually by accident: it's easy to just warp into the station accidentally, because reality is so thin there and train stations exist in order to travel anyway. But if you're on the platforms it's still a U-shaped Victorian neo-gothic edifice, all red brick and slightly pointy or perfectly circular arches and window frames with sandstone accents. Then between the arms soars an enormous, also slightly pointy, cast iron and rivet frame holding up a mostly glass roof and the huge floodlamps that light the space at night. They're clearly not lamps of human manufacture, involving crystals and lenses, but still lamps.

It's hard to tell from inside, but the platforms are on the second floor. While you could go through the big arch at the front front (as big digimon often do), most travellers go down the stairs onto the main concourse, at first glance like any other terminus concourse: the ticket offices, shops catering to travellers in a hurry, departure boards, all that jazz. But most of the text is digimoji, and the travellers are mostly digimon. Indeed, the relatively low ceilings of the concourse must be cramped for some of the bigger ones. If you don't get sidetracked by the stairs down to the *other* platforms, lunch, or the warren of corridors that the ends of the main concourse degenerate into, you can walk out the side doors into the town proper.

Oh, and at night the station changes quite a bit. The trains have wildly different livery matching the different trailmon drawing them, fair enough. But downstairs is a different matter. The lights change their spectrum, yellowing noticeably. There are alleyways where there weren't alleyways before *inside* the station, and different shops are open. If you look closely, some of them were clearly hiding behind a hologram during the day. And much shadier types walk around much more openly, or are behind the counter of the shops, or even just in the less well-lit corridors with little stalls or just a longcoat with pockets. The merchandise is correspondingly... not something you'd buy in broad daylight, or always well described: caveat emptor is in full force at this time.

…and outside the station, a strange sight will greet you. Buildings meshed together with nether rhyme nor reason, neon signs that look futuristic pointing at houses and small business that are as rural as you might imagine, or buildings made out of wood and stone that combined form a strange and almost chaotic form of symmetry that makes no sense-yet does at the same time. Some of these buildings have doors that only a kid and a digimon can pass through without much problem, leaving theories as to what-or who might have constructed this place in the minds of adults that might need to crouch uncomfortably to get inside. Statues and decorations constructed with the most random items you could ever think of pointing at different locations, growing in strangeness the further you walk from the center of this bizarre town. 
Strangely, the road will simply cut off into wilderness, not even a trail of rocks follows and venturing around the surface might end up with you getting attacked by rookie-level digimon that are a bit too feral to care about dealing with whatever problem they have with you through dialoge.

